Deemphasizing Kustomize over Helm and minor doc updates (#52)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/admin/deploy/scale.mdx

| `Type`      | Persistent Volumes for Kubernetes                                          |
|             | Persistent SSD for Docker Compose                                          |

> > WARNING: The database must be configured properly to consume resources effectively and efficiently for better performance and to avoid regular usage from overwhelming built-in utilities (like autovacuum for example). For example, a Postgres database running out of memory indicates that it is currently misconfigured and the amount of memory each worker can utilize should be reduced. See our [Postgres database configuration guide](https://sourcegraph.com/docs/admin/config/postgres-conf) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="warning">The database must be configured properly to consume resources effectively and efficiently for better performance and to avoid regular usage from overwhelming built-in utilities (like autovacuum for example). For example, a Postgres database running out of memory indicates that it is currently misconfigured, and the amount of memory each worker can utilize should be reduced. See our [Postgres database configuration guide](/admin/config/postgres-conf) for more information.</Callout>
```

| `Type`      | Persistent Volumes for Kubernetes                                            |
|             | Persistent SSD for Docker Compose                                            |

> > WARNING: The database must be configured properly to consume resources effectively and efficiently for better performance and to avoid regular usage from overwhelming built-in utilities (like autovacuum for example). For example, a Postgres database running out of memory indicates that it is currently misconfigured and the amount of memory each worker can utilize should be reduced. See our [Postgres database configuration guide](https://sourcegraph.com/docs/admin/config/postgres-conf) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="warning"> The database must be configured properly to consume resources effectively and efficiently for better performance and to avoid regular usage from overwhelming built-in utilities (like autovacuum for example). For example, a Postgres database running out of memory indicates that it is currently misconfigured, and the amount of memory each worker can utilize should be reduced. See our [Postgres database configuration guide](/admin/config/postgres-conf) for more information.</Callout>
```

|             | Number of insight queries                                                                                                                                                               |
| `Guideline` | Starts at default as the value grows depending on the number of active users and activity                                                                                               |
|             | The database must be configured properly following our [Postgres configuration guide](https://sourcegraph.com/docs/admin/config/postgres-conf)to use the assigned resources efficiently |
| `Type`      | Persistent Volumes for Kubernetes                                                                                                                                                       |
|             | Persistent SSD for Docker Compose                                                                                                                                                       |

> > WARNING: The database must be configured properly to consume resources effectively and efficiently for better performance and to avoid regular usage from overwhelming built-in utilities (like autovacuum for example). For example, a Postgres database running out of memory indicates that it is currently misconfigured and the amount of memory each worker can utilize should be reduced. See our [Postgres database configuration guide](https://sourcegraph.com/docs/admin/config/postgres-conf) for more information.

Reviewer: Please add the warning callout.:)

Author: I updated all of the `notes` and `warnings` in this doc with the new callout elements :)

Runs a collection of background jobs periodically in response to internal requests and external events.
```

> > NOTE: See the docs on [Worker services](https://sourcegraph.com/docs/admin/workers#worker-jobs) for a list of worker jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="note"> See the docs on [Worker services](https://sourcegraph.com/docs/admin/workers#worker-jobs) for a list of worker jobs.</Callout>
```
